[FIX] Drop `_part-` reference from example, introduce `_split-` entity (#460)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/02-magnetoencephalography.md

This template is for MEG data of any kind, including but not limited to
task-based, resting-state, and noise recordings. If multiple Tasks were
performed within a single Run, the task description can be set to
`task-multitask`. The \_meg.json SHOULD contain details on the Tasks.

> Some manufacturers data storage conventions use folders which contain data
> files of various nature: e.g., CTF's `.ds` format, or BTi/4D.

Reviewer: Plural possessive. Also using `for example` rather than `e.g.` for screen readers.

```suggestion
Some manufacturers' data storage conventions use folders which contain data
files of various nature: for example, CTF's `.ds` format, or BTi/4D.
```

Yet other manufacturers split their files once they exceed a certain size
limit. For example Neuromag/Elekta/Megin, which can produce several files
for a single recording. Both `some_file.fif` and `some_file-1.fif` would
belong to a single recording. In BIDS, the `split` entity is RECOMMENDED to
deal with split files.
Please refer to [Appendix VI](../99-appendices/06-meg-file-formats.md) for
general information on how to deal with such manufacturer specifics and to see

> some more examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more examples.
```
